content/public/gsoc/2025/ultimate_alarm_clock_watch_companion.md, before:

---
title: "Ultimate Alarm Clock Watch Companion."
---

**Mentors**  
Primary mentor: Akshat Tripathi (Slack handle: @Akshat Tripathi). Akshat is a GSoC'22 participant and GSoC'23 & 24 mentor with CCExtractor Development. He made contributions to the Flood-Mobile Project.  


**Time estimation**  
175 hours 

### Project Brief
There's plenty of alarm clocks for mobile, of course. But the most decent ones are expensive. Some even have subscriptions. Really, for a clock? They cost more than an actual physical clock.

We want to put an end to this nonsense :-) So we built an alarm clock that has features that the rest don't and that it's open source, free, no ads, etc.

We want to now extend the project and develop a watch companion for the ultimate alarm clock project.

### Your Task
Create a watch companion for the ultimate alarm clock project.
The following would be required to fulfill the above goal:
- Have an understanding of the ultimate alarm clock project.
- Design the ultimate alarm clock watch companion user interface (be minimilistic as watches have small screens so not much can be accomodated).
- Replicate the ultimate alarm clock project features to the ultimate alarm clock watch companion.
- Work closely with the ultimate alarm clock project team.

For now your task is to write your proposal by having an understanding of the ultimate alarm clock project (including screen design mockups etc in proposal would be great).

### Note

You must be able to be self sufficient and understand ultimate alarm clock code and working.

### Qualification tasks

Develop POC ultimate alarm watch application:
- A watch application that have very basic alarm functionality (No need to focus on UI in POC application).

Commit message:

Added another mentor in UAC companion
Added Rijuth as a primary mentor for UAC Companion

content/public/gsoc/2025/ultimate_alarm_clock_watch_companion.md, after:

---
title: "Ultimate Alarm Clock Watch Companion."
---

**Mentors**  
Primary mentor: Rijuth Menon R (Zulip handle: @Rijuth Menon R). Rijuth was the contributor for GSoC '23 and mentor for the UAC Project.
Akshat Tripathi (Slack handle: @Akshat Tripathi). Akshat is a GSoC'22 participant and GSoC'23 & 24 mentor with CCExtractor Development. He made contributions to the Flood-Mobile Project.  


**Time estimation**  
175 hours 

### Project Brief
There are plenty of alarm clocks for mobile, of course. But the most decent ones are expensive. Some even have subscriptions. Really, for a clock? They cost more than an actual physical clock.

We want to put an end to this nonsense :-) So we built an alarm clock that has features that the rest don't and that it's open source, free, no ads, etc.

We want to now extend the project and develop a watch companion for the ultimate alarm clock project.

### Your Task
Create a watch companion for the ultimate alarm clock project.
The following would be required to fulfill the above goal:
- Have an understanding of the ultimate alarm clock project.
- Design the ultimate alarm clock watch companion user interface (be minimilistic as watches have small screens so not much can be accomodated).
- Replicate the ultimate alarm clock project features to the ultimate alarm clock watch companion.
- Work closely with the ultimate alarm clock project team.

For now your task is to write your proposal by having an understanding of the ultimate alarm clock project (including screen design mockups etc in proposal would be great).

### Note

You must be able to be self sufficient and understand ultimate alarm clock code and working.

### Qualification tasks

Develop POC ultimate alarm watch application:
- A watch application that have very basic alarm functionality (No need to focus on UI in POC application).
