\~\~META: title = Google Summer of Code with CCExtractor Development!
GSoC 2019 \~\~

# Google Summer of Code with CCExtractor Development!

Click here for : [Slack](public/general/support), [Mailing
List](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ccextractor-dev),
[2019 Ideas
Page](https://ccextractor.org/public/gsoc/ideas_page_for_summer_of_code_2019),
[Past
Archives](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/search/?q=CCExtractor),
[GitHub](https://github.com/CCExtractor/).

------------------------------------------------------------------------

{{ :public/gsoc/gsoc-cc.png?nolink |}}

<text size="18px" align="justify"> CCExtractor Development has been
accepted to Google Summer of Code each year, ever since we applied for
the first time in 2014 and we have had absolutely amazing 5 years!
Continuing with open source spirit, we are actively applying to Google
Summer of Code 2019 to work with potential new community members!
</text>

<text size="18px" align="justify"> If you're coming across Google
summer of Code, which we'll call GSoC from now, for the first time \--
it is a global program where students work with an open source
organization on a 3 month programming project during their break from
school. Google awards stipends (and other good stuff) to students for
their work, which they do from their home. Several experience and
involved community members serve as mentors for the projects. This is a
mutual learning and growing program for both students and mentors.
</text>

<text size="18px" align="justify"> Read more about GSoC :
<https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/> </text>

#### Who are we?

<text size="18px" align="justify"> CCExtractor is originally an
organization about subtitles and accessibility (our "official"
description below). However, we're doing lots of other things that are
related, including tinkering with open video hardware (JokerTV), imaging
(OCR), and more. So we have projects that cover a range of interests,
despite our core tool being the most amazing subtitle extractor. </text>

<text size="18px" align="justify"> And now, the official description:
Whether it's because you are learning a new language, have hearing
problems or just at a loud place, subtitles are an essential part of
enjoying TV and movies for a a lot of people. There's plenty of tools
to manage audio/video, but when it comes to subtitles, the few tools
that exist are closed source and extremely expensive. CCExtractor is the
one tool that is free, portable, open source and community managed that
can take a recording from a TV show and generate an external subtitle
file for it. If you regularly watch content with subtitles you download
from fan sites - you should know that the source file is most likely
generated by CCExtractor. If you are a student in a university that uses
subtitles for natural language study, you should know that most likely
we are involved somehow. While we already support subtitles from North
America, Europe, Australia and more, our world map is not yet complete.
We are actively looking for students that want to help us fill the gaps.
</text>

#### Why choose us?

<text size="18px" align="justify">[An interesting
article](https://medium.com/s/the-upgrade/why-gen-z-loves-closed-captioning-ec4e44b8d02f)
on closed captions (surely explains better than us why there are so
useful) </text>

<text size="18px" align="justify"> We are a small org, which means that
your contribution will have a large impact. It's not going to mean a
0.5% improvement on a big project - it's going to be more than 10% on a
medium size one. If you like challenges and want a chance to shine this
is your place. </text>

<text size="18px" align="justify"> We have \~we think\~ statistically
amazing continuity in the team: Most GSoC students from all the past
years are still involved, even if they are no longer eligible as
students. They still contribute code, and they mentor both in GSoC and
the sister program GCI. As mentors, they also come to the Summer of Code
summit which traditionally takes place in October. </text>

<text size="18px" align="justify"> We provide exceptional resources for
students - we'll give access to a high speed servers, all our samples
(we'll even ship a portable drive with them anywhere in the world, if
you have slow connections), specifications et cetera. Students have
flexibility of choosing projects from a wide range of topics &
technologies and even propose their own. </text>

<text size="18px" align="justify"> We have \*mentors all over the
world\* (North America, Europe, Asia and Australia), so time zones are
never a problem. All our top committers will be mentoring. Many of them
are our former GSoC students or winners of GCI. </text>

<text size="18px" align="justify"> Want to find out more? Come hang out
on our slack group! </text>

#### GCoC 2019 Projects

<text size="18px" align="justify">

 **We have a dedicated page for covering this year's projects,
        check it out
        [here](public/gsoc/ideas_page_for_summer_of_code_2019).**
        It also contains proposal guidelines and other information you
        need to know before applying. If you have any suggestions or you
        want to propose your own project - please reach out to us in the
        Slack group.

</text>

#### Previous Year Projects

<text size="18px" align="justify"> You may read about our past projects
in the official GSoC archive
[here](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/search/?q=CCExtractor).
We also have most of the final submissions on our website, which you may
find here
[here](https://ccextractor.org/#gsoc_students_project_report).
</text>

#### Can't access slack?

<text size="18px" align="justify"> Apparently Russia has blocked slack.
If this is your case please email us (gsoc at ccextractor dot org) and
we'll work out a solution with you. We really want you to participate!
</text>
