content/docs/cchome.md, before:

+++
title = "CCExtractor's home page"
weight = 1  
+++

#### User documentation and files
[How to chat with the team (for support, to join us, for GSoC, or anything else)](/public/general/support)

[What's CCExtractor? (the software, not the organization)](/public/general/whatsccextractor)

[About CCExtractor Development (the organization, not the software)](/public/general/about_the_org)

[Downloads](/public/general/downloads)

[Changelog](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ccextractor/blob/master/docs/CHANGES.TXT)

[Using the command line tool](/public/general/command_line_usage)

[Using the Windows GUI](/public/general/win_gui_usage)

[Real time demo](http://realtimedemo.ccextractor.org:8080/) - Currently down, our primary source of data is moving to a new office and their infrastructure is not yet available.

[Extracting burned-in subtitles](https://abhinavshukla95.wordpress.com/2016/08/18/google-summer-of-code-work-product-submission/)

[Extracting CEA-708 subtitles](/public/gsoc/olegkisselef_cea_708)

[Translating subtitles in real time](/public/gsoc/translating_captions)

[Using the cross-platform GUI](/public/gsoc/olegkisselef_qt_gui)

[Extracting closed captions from a DVD step by step tutorial](/public/gsoc/extract_from_dvd)

[Working with HDHomeRun](/public/general/working_with_hdhomerun)

[Using SPUPNG](/public/general/using_spupng)

[TV samples](/public/general/tvsamples)

[Donate](http://sourceforge.net/donate/index.php?group_id=190832)

[Cool external projects that use subtitles](/public/general/coollinkswithsubfs)

---
#### Technical documentation

Most of these pages are the result of Summer of Code work.

[Getting started with our code](/public/general/gettingstartedwithourcode)

[Rotating capture system with HDHomeRun](/public/general/rotating_capture_system_with_hdhomerun)

[Subtitle standards around the world](/public/general/subtitle_standards_around_the_world)

[Regression system](/public/gsoc/ccextractor_regression_testing)

[Online real time repository](/public/gsoc/2016/abishek/subtitle_downloader)

[Subtitle Downloader (user)](/public/gsoc/2016/abishek/subtitle_downloader)

[Subtitle Downloader (technical)](/public/gsoc/subtitle_extractor_technical_docs)

[DVD Subtitles Technical Documentation GSoC'16](/public/gsoc/dvd_subtitles_technical_documentation_gsoc_16)

[Python Extension Module Technical Documentation GSoC'17](/public/gsoc/python_extension_module_technical_documentation_gsoc_17)

[Python Extension Module Compilation Documentation GSoC'17](/public/gsoc/python_extension_module_compilation_documentation_gsoc_17)

[Building CCExtractor inside a Vagrant box](/public/general/vagrant)

[Activity Extractor (user)](/public/codein/activity_extractor_user_docs)

[Activity Extractor (technical)](/public/codein/activity_extractor_technical_docs)

---
#### Google Code-in public/ pages

[Google Code-in 2016 task list](/public/codein/google_code-in_2016_task_list)

[Google Code-in 2017 code-in for designers](/public/codein/google_code-in_2017_code-in_for_designers)

[Google Code-in 2018](/public/codein/google_code-in_2018)

[Google Code-in 2019 Welcome and introduction (start here)](https://gci2019.ccextractor.org)

<!-- [Google Code-in 2019 Rust](/public/codein/google_code-in_2019/rust) -->

[Google Code-in 2019 Flutter](/public/codein/google_code-in_2019/flutter)

<!-- [Google Code-in 2019 FFmpeg](public/codein/google_code-in_2019/ffmpeg) -->

[Google Code-in 2019 Mastermind](/public/codein/google_code-in_2019/mastermind)

---
#### Summer of Code public/ pages

[Ideas page for Summer of Code 2021](/docs/ideas_page_for_summer_of_code_2021/)

[Ideas page for Summer of Code 2020](/public/gsoc/ideas_page_for_summer_of_code_2020)

[Ideas page for Summer of Code 2019](/public/gsoc/ideas_page_for_summer_of_code_2019)

[Ideas page for Summer of Code 2018](/public/gsoc/ideas_page_for_summer_of_code_2018)

[Welcome to Summer of Code 2016](/public/gsoc/welcome_to_summer_of_code_2016)

[Welcome to Summer of Code 2015](/public/gsoc/welcome_to_summer_of_code_2015)

[Ccextractor Bug Hunt](/public/gsoc/ccextractor_bug_hunt)

[Ccextractor Tasks](/public/gsoc/ccextractor_tasks)

[CCExtractor unassigned tasks (pick what you like)](/public/gsoc/ccextractor_unassigned_tasks_pick_what_like)

[Blog Posts from our Students](/public/blog_posts_our_students)

---
#### Season of docs public/ pages

[Ideas page for Season of Docs 2019](/public/gsoc/ideas_page_for_season_of_docs_2019)

[Ideas page for Season of Docs 2020](/public/gsoc/ideas_page_for_season_of_docs_2020)

---
#### GSoC Students Project Report

 **2019**

[Amit - Poor Man's Rekognition](/public/gsoc/2019/pymit)

[Bowen - PiPot](/public/gsoc/2019/vertexc)

[Faiz - Poor Man's Rekognition ](/public/gsoc/2019/faizkhan)

[Sarfaraz - Poor Man's Rekognition](/public/gsoc/2019/sziraqui)

[Shivam Kumar Jha - Sample Platform](https://github.com/CCExtractor/sample-platform/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Apr+author%3Athealphadollar)

 **2018**

[Archit - FabBits](/public/gsoc/2018/achie27)

[Aaditya - Project Nephos](/public/gsoc/2018/aaditya)

[Shivam Kumar Jha - Project Nephos](/public/gsoc/2018/thealphadollar)

[Saurabh Shrivastava - CCExtractor Web - A web application for subtitle extraction through CCExtractor.](/public/gsoc/2018/saurabh)

[Satyam Mittal - The sample platform / Continuous integration](/public/gsoc/2018/satyam)

 **2017**

[Diptanshu - Python Extension Module (bindings) for CCExtractor](/public/gsoc/2017/diptanshu)

[Saurabh - CCAligner - Word by Word Audio Subtitle Synchronisation](/public/gsoc/2017/saurabh)

[Satyam - Sample platform improvements (Windows testing)](/public/gsoc/2017/satyam)

 **2016**

[Willem - Sample platform iteration 2](/public/gsoc/2016/willem)

[Abishek - Subtitle Extractor and CCExtractor improvements](/public/gsoc/2016/abhishek/projects)

[Abhinav - Extract hard-coded subtitles from video streams](/public/gsoc/2016/abhinav)

[Shruti - News shot classification](/public/gsoc/2016/shruti)

[Rishabh - DVD Subtitle Extraction](/public/gsoc/2016/rishabh)

[Ruslan - Real-time Repository and website](/public/gsoc/2016/ruslan)

[Vasanth - Commercial detection](/public/gsoc/2016/vasanth)

 **2015**

[Willem - Sample submission platform / CCExtractor improvements](/public/gsoc/2015/willem)

[Nurendra - Sentiment Analysis / Realtime Translation with Google Translate/Apertium](/public/gsoc/2015/nurendra)

---
#### Contract work

[How to hire CCExtractor developers](/public/general/how_to_hire_us)

---
#### Miscellaneous resources about things that interest us

[Rust](/public/general/rust_resources/rust)

[Flutter](/public/general/flutter_resources/flutter)

[Preparing for interviews (Silicon Valley style )](/public/general/misc/interview_preparation)

[Useful linux tools](/public/general/misc/useful_linux_tools)

[Articles about vim (the editor)](/public/general/misc/vim)

Commit message:

docs: add flutter gui docs

content/docs/cchome.md, after:

+++
title = "CCExtractor's home page"
weight = 1  
+++

#### User documentation and files
[How to chat with the team (for support, to join us, for GSoC, or anything else)](/public/general/support)

[What's CCExtractor? (the software, not the organization)](/public/general/whatsccextractor)

[About CCExtractor Development (the organization, not the software)](/public/general/about_the_org)

[Downloads](/public/general/downloads)

[Changelog](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ccextractor/blob/master/docs/CHANGES.TXT)

[Using the command line tool](/public/general/command_line_usage)

[Build and use the CCExtractor flutter GUI](/public/general/win_gui_usage)

[Using the Windows GUI](/public/general/win_gui_usage) \[ARCHIVED\]

[Real time demo](http://realtimedemo.ccextractor.org:8080/) - Currently down, our primary source of data is moving to a new office and their infrastructure is not yet available.

[Extracting burned-in subtitles](https://abhinavshukla95.wordpress.com/2016/08/18/google-summer-of-code-work-product-submission/)

[Extracting CEA-708 subtitles](/public/gsoc/olegkisselef_cea_708)

[Translating subtitles in real time](/public/gsoc/translating_captions)

[Using the cross-platform GUI](/public/gsoc/olegkisselef_qt_gui) \[ARCHIVED\]

[Extracting closed captions from a DVD step by step tutorial](/public/gsoc/extract_from_dvd)

[Working with HDHomeRun](/public/general/working_with_hdhomerun)

[Using SPUPNG](/public/general/using_spupng)

[TV samples](/public/general/tvsamples)

[Donate](http://sourceforge.net/donate/index.php?group_id=190832)

[Cool external projects that use subtitles](/public/general/coollinkswithsubfs)

---
#### Technical documentation

Most of these pages are the result of Summer of Code work.

[Getting started with our code](/public/general/gettingstartedwithourcode)

[Rotating capture system with HDHomeRun](/public/general/rotating_capture_system_with_hdhomerun)

[Subtitle standards around the world](/public/general/subtitle_standards_around_the_world)

[Regression system](/public/gsoc/ccextractor_regression_testing)

[Online real time repository](/public/gsoc/2016/abishek/subtitle_downloader)

[Subtitle Downloader (user)](/public/gsoc/2016/abishek/subtitle_downloader)

[Subtitle Downloader (technical)](/public/gsoc/subtitle_extractor_technical_docs)

[DVD Subtitles Technical Documentation GSoC'16](/public/gsoc/dvd_subtitles_technical_documentation_gsoc_16)

[Python Extension Module Technical Documentation GSoC'17](/public/gsoc/python_extension_module_technical_documentation_gsoc_17)

[Python Extension Module Compilation Documentation GSoC'17](/public/gsoc/python_extension_module_compilation_documentation_gsoc_17)

[Building CCExtractor inside a Vagrant box](/public/general/vagrant)

[Activity Extractor (user)](/public/codein/activity_extractor_user_docs)

[Activity Extractor (technical)](/public/codein/activity_extractor_technical_docs)

---
#### Google Code-in public/ pages

[Google Code-in 2016 task list](/public/codein/google_code-in_2016_task_list)

[Google Code-in 2017 code-in for designers](/public/codein/google_code-in_2017_code-in_for_designers)

[Google Code-in 2018](/public/codein/google_code-in_2018)

[Google Code-in 2019 Welcome and introduction (start here)](https://gci2019.ccextractor.org)

<!-- [Google Code-in 2019 Rust](/public/codein/google_code-in_2019/rust) -->

[Google Code-in 2019 Flutter](/public/codein/google_code-in_2019/flutter)

<!-- [Google Code-in 2019 FFmpeg](public/codein/google_code-in_2019/ffmpeg) -->

[Google Code-in 2019 Mastermind](/public/codein/google_code-in_2019/mastermind)

---
#### Summer of Code public/ pages

[Ideas page for Summer of Code 2021](/docs/ideas_page_for_summer_of_code_2021/)

[Ideas page for Summer of Code 2020](/public/gsoc/ideas_page_for_summer_of_code_2020)

[Ideas page for Summer of Code 2019](/public/gsoc/ideas_page_for_summer_of_code_2019)

[Ideas page for Summer of Code 2018](/public/gsoc/ideas_page_for_summer_of_code_2018)

[Welcome to Summer of Code 2016](/public/gsoc/welcome_to_summer_of_code_2016)

[Welcome to Summer of Code 2015](/public/gsoc/welcome_to_summer_of_code_2015)

[Ccextractor Bug Hunt](/public/gsoc/ccextractor_bug_hunt)

[Ccextractor Tasks](/public/gsoc/ccextractor_tasks)

[CCExtractor unassigned tasks (pick what you like)](/public/gsoc/ccextractor_unassigned_tasks_pick_what_like)

[Blog Posts from our Students](/public/blog_posts_our_students)

---
#### Season of docs public/ pages

[Ideas page for Season of Docs 2019](/public/gsoc/ideas_page_for_season_of_docs_2019)

[Ideas page for Season of Docs 2020](/public/gsoc/ideas_page_for_season_of_docs_2020)

---
#### GSoC Students Project Report

 **2019**

[Amit - Poor Man's Rekognition](/public/gsoc/2019/pymit)

[Bowen - PiPot](/public/gsoc/2019/vertexc)

[Faiz - Poor Man's Rekognition ](/public/gsoc/2019/faizkhan)

[Sarfaraz - Poor Man's Rekognition](/public/gsoc/2019/sziraqui)

[Shivam Kumar Jha - Sample Platform](https://github.com/CCExtractor/sample-platform/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Apr+author%3Athealphadollar)

 **2018**

[Archit - FabBits](/public/gsoc/2018/achie27)

[Aaditya - Project Nephos](/public/gsoc/2018/aaditya)

[Shivam Kumar Jha - Project Nephos](/public/gsoc/2018/thealphadollar)

[Saurabh Shrivastava - CCExtractor Web - A web application for subtitle extraction through CCExtractor.](/public/gsoc/2018/saurabh)

[Satyam Mittal - The sample platform / Continuous integration](/public/gsoc/2018/satyam)

 **2017**

[Diptanshu - Python Extension Module (bindings) for CCExtractor](/public/gsoc/2017/diptanshu)

[Saurabh - CCAligner - Word by Word Audio Subtitle Synchronisation](/public/gsoc/2017/saurabh)

[Satyam - Sample platform improvements (Windows testing)](/public/gsoc/2017/satyam)

 **2016**

[Willem - Sample platform iteration 2](/public/gsoc/2016/willem)

[Abishek - Subtitle Extractor and CCExtractor improvements](/public/gsoc/2016/abhishek/projects)

[Abhinav - Extract hard-coded subtitles from video streams](/public/gsoc/2016/abhinav)

[Shruti - News shot classification](/public/gsoc/2016/shruti)

[Rishabh - DVD Subtitle Extraction](/public/gsoc/2016/rishabh)

[Ruslan - Real-time Repository and website](/public/gsoc/2016/ruslan)

[Vasanth - Commercial detection](/public/gsoc/2016/vasanth)

 **2015**

[Willem - Sample submission platform / CCExtractor improvements](/public/gsoc/2015/willem)

[Nurendra - Sentiment Analysis / Realtime Translation with Google Translate/Apertium](/public/gsoc/2015/nurendra)

---
#### Contract work

[How to hire CCExtractor developers](/public/general/how_to_hire_us)

---
#### Miscellaneous resources about things that interest us

[Rust](/public/general/rust_resources/rust)

[Flutter](/public/general/flutter_resources/flutter)

[Preparing for interviews (Silicon Valley style )](/public/general/misc/interview_preparation)

[Useful linux tools](/public/general/misc/useful_linux_tools)

[Articles about vim (the editor)](/public/general/misc/vim)
