content/docs/classic_ideas.md, before:

---
title: "Google Summer of Code (GSoC) 2023 ideas page - classics"
weight: 1
---

### This page contains ideas that we find interesting and we would love to do but maybe there are too niche and no one ever picks them up :-)

Thanks for visiting this page!
These projects have the same importance as those in the main page. We just moved them to their own page to help keep things tidy.


#### CCExtractor core
| Name | Description | Tech you need to know | Tech you will learn | Difficulty | Size | 
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [Add support for DTMB countries](/public/gsoc/dtmb) | DTMB is the standard for Chinese TV, also implemented by countries such as Cuba. What kind of student is ideal for this task? One with lots of analytic skills and patience. If you are one of those, don't disregard this task just because you don't speak (or maybe, even care) about Chinese. The experience on dealing with this will be extremely valuable in the future.We will use part of the organization funds to buy standard documents you might need, a capture device, and in general, anything required to make your life easier. | Rust | DTMB  Video standards Hardware Research | Unknown |  Discuss |
| [Add Japanese support](/public/gsoc/japanese) | Captions are used by people all over the world on a regular basis. Most of us are familiar with regular horizontal captions at the bottom of the screen, but did you know that in Japan a common position for captions is vertically on the right or left side of the screen? Come learn more about what Japanese audiences need out of captions as well as how captioning standard likes IMSC and WebVTT support these features.| Japanese (or be good with foreign languages), Rust | Depends | Suspected hard |  Discuss |

#### New subtitles tools

| Name | Description | Tech you need to know | Tech you will learn | Difficulty | Size | 
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ------ |
| [Subtitle quality quantification tool](/public/gsoc/2022/subtitle_quality/) | Writing a subtitle quality quantification tool | (Some) Rust, Some (C) | CCExtractor internals | Medium | 350 hours |


#### Systems
| Name | Description | Tech you need to know | Tech you will learn | Difficulty | Size |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |  ------ |
| [ Linux tuning for network throughput ](/public/gsoc/linuxtuning) | Come up with a system that tunes the linux kernel to maximize network throughput for a number of workloads, such as web server or BitTorrent. We will provide access to a server with a huge pipe (10 Gbit/s, SSD, lots of cores) and your job is to build a tool that maximizes the throughput (and prove it!) | Linux | Kernel internals, Networking | Medium | 175 hours |


#### Research

| Name | Description | Tech you need to know | Tech you will learn | Difficulty | Size |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ------ |
| [ BitTorrent over TLS ](/public/gsoc/bittorrent-tls) | BitTorrent protocol is not secure. Its encryption mechanism is outdated and weak. Even for obfuscation, it is ineffective. Nowadays, even an entry-level gateway has the capability to detect and block BitTorrent traffic at little to no risk. The BitTorrent community would benefit from a new standard encryption mechanism that allows strong encryption, forward secrecy and resistance to censorship. | Depends | Networking, Standardization | Hard | 350 hours |
| [ The next peer-to-peer protocol ](/public/gsoc/cloudtorrent) | BitTorrent is of course the world's most used peer to peer protocol. It's great, but it was designed before the cloud was ubiquitous and it doesn't make use of the places where you have the most storage or the most bandwidth. Can we design something for the next decade? | Depends | Peer-to-peer, cloud | Unknown | 175 hours |

Commit message:

Update classic_ideas.md (move rtorrent here)

content/docs/classic_ideas.md, after:

---
title: "Google Summer of Code (GSoC) 2024 ideas page - classics"
weight: 1
---

### This page contains ideas that we find interesting and we would love to do but maybe there are too niche or complicated and no one ever picks them up :-)

Thanks for visiting this page!
These projects have the same importance as those in the main page. We just moved them to their own page to help keep things tidy.


#### CCExtractor core
| Name | Description | Tech you need to know | Tech you will learn | Difficulty | Size | 
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| [Add support for DTMB countries](/public/gsoc/dtmb) | DTMB is the standard for Chinese TV, also implemented by countries such as Cuba. What kind of student is ideal for this task? One with lots of analytic skills and patience. If you are one of those, don't disregard this task just because you don't speak (or maybe, even care) about Chinese. The experience on dealing with this will be extremely valuable in the future.We will use part of the organization funds to buy standard documents you might need, a capture device, and in general, anything required to make your life easier. | Rust | DTMB  Video standards Hardware Research | Unknown |  Discuss |
| [Add Japanese support](/public/gsoc/japanese) | Captions are used by people all over the world on a regular basis. Most of us are familiar with regular horizontal captions at the bottom of the screen, but did you know that in Japan a common position for captions is vertically on the right or left side of the screen? Come learn more about what Japanese audiences need out of captions as well as how captioning standard likes IMSC and WebVTT support these features.| Japanese (or be good with foreign languages), Rust | Depends | Suspected hard |  Discuss |

#### New subtitles tools

| Name | Description | Tech you need to know | Tech you will learn | Difficulty | Size | 
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ------ |
| [Subtitle quality quantification tool](/public/gsoc/2022/subtitle_quality/) | Writing a subtitle quality quantification tool | (Some) Rust, Some (C) | CCExtractor internals | Medium | 350 hours |


#### Systems
| Name | Description | Tech you need to know | Tech you will learn | Difficulty | Size |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |  ------ |
| [ Linux tuning for network throughput ](/public/gsoc/linuxtuning) | Come up with a system that tunes the linux kernel to maximize network throughput for a number of workloads, such as web server or BitTorrent. We will provide access to a server with a huge pipe (10 Gbit/s, SSD, lots of cores) and your job is to build a tool that maximizes the throughput (and prove it!) | Linux | Kernel internals, Networking | Medium | 175 hours |


#### Research

| Name | Description | Tech you need to know | Tech you will learn | Difficulty | Size |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ------ |
| [ BitTorrent over TLS ](/public/gsoc/bittorrent-tls) | BitTorrent protocol is not secure. Its encryption mechanism is outdated and weak. Even for obfuscation, it is ineffective. Nowadays, even an entry-level gateway has the capability to detect and block BitTorrent traffic at little to no risk. The BitTorrent community would benefit from a new standard encryption mechanism that allows strong encryption, forward secrecy and resistance to censorship. | Depends | Networking, Standardization | Hard | 350 hours |
| [ The next peer-to-peer protocol ](/public/gsoc/cloudtorrent) | BitTorrent is of course the world's most used peer to peer protocol. It's great, but it was designed before the cloud was ubiquitous and it doesn't make use of the places where you have the most storage or the most bandwidth. Can we design something for the next decade? | Depends | Peer-to-peer, cloud | Unknown | 175 hours |

#### rTorrent

We use [jesec/rtorrent](https://github.com/jesec/rtorrent). It provides a more modern base with Bazel/CMake and C++ 17 (instead of autotools and C++ 0x). Plus, your works are guaranteed to be incorporated if they match expectations.

Note - we want to have a unified rtorrent that gets the best from jesec's and novik's work. See the first project in this section.

| Name | Description | Tech you need to know | Tech you will learn | Difficulty | Size |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |  ------ |
| [ Unify flood and ruTorrent's rtorrent versions ](/public/gsoc/rtorrent_unification) | Each of the two most important rTorrent frontends have their own backend version. We need to create a version that works with both ruTorrent and Flood. | C++ | Mostly Docker and rTorrent internals | Easy-Medium | 350  hours |
| [ a modern RPC interface ](/public/gsoc/rtorrent-modern-rpc) | rTorrent currently uses an antique XMLRPC interface, which is limited in capability, not scalable, hard to use, insecure and low-performance. Community needs a modern RPC interface with full bidirectional, stream processing, incremental data loading and high concurrency capabilities, which allows real-time events for RPC users, reduced serialization/transfer overheads, potentially better security (with authentication and/or TLS), etc. | C++ | RPC, Event Loop | Medium/Hard | 350 hours |
| asynchronous name resolution | UDP tracker name resolution is not asynchronous at the moment, which causes blocking in the main thread and can block (timeout) other ongoing/incoming connections/transfers. c-ares or libwebsockets implementation is preferred, as c-ares is already used by curl, which rTorrent depends on, while libwebsockets may be used by a future WebSockets RPC interface. | C, C++ | Threading, Event Loop | Medium | 350 hours |
| improve scalability | rTorrent has a well-defined threading behaviour, which makes it stable and light on resources. There are 3 permanent threads only: main, disk and scgi. However, in the age of Gigabit/10G connections, 3 threads are often not sufficient. Implement a new threading model with better scalability. | C++ | Threading | Hard | 350 hours |
| scheduling/queuing | In some cases, users might want to download a series of torrents one-by-one without having to manually start the next when the previous is completed. Implement a scheduler along with a queue to allow users to limit the number of maximum simultaneous downloads. Enqueue if the user adds a download or decrease the limit. Dequeue when a download is completed or the user increases the limit. Keep the queue state across reboots. | C++ | Scheduling | Medium | 350 hours |
