content/public/general/downloads.md, before:

---
title: "CCExtractor downloads"
---

Current version: 0.92 (Aug 10, 2021)

**CCExtractor's source code (current, some variants not yet available)**

[CLI Source code full](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ccextractor/archive/refs/tags/v0.92.tar.gz)

[Windows MSI builds](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ccextractor/releases)

For GUI on other platfroms look [here](/public/general/flutter_gui)

 **Mac**

[Homebrew package](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core/blob/master/Formula/ccextractor.rb)
(3rd party, not maintained by the CCExtractor team)

 **Additional software written by the team**

[ User Documentation for Subtitle Downloader ](http://www.ccextractor.org/doku.php?id=public/gsoc/repository_documentation)

[ User Documentation for Activity Extractor ](http://www.ccextractor.org/doku.php?id=public/codein/activity_extractor_user_docs)

[CCAligner - Word by Word Audio Subtitle Synchronisation Tool and API](/public/gsoc/2017/saurabh)

 **Dependencies**

[Visual C++ Redistributable Packages for Visual Studio 2013](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=40784)
(this might be needed to run CCExtractor 0.70 and above in XP).

[Dependencies for the full CCExtractor version (with FFmpeg, OCR, etc)](https://sourceforge.net/projects/ccextractor/files/ccextractor/0.85-windows.dependencies/CCExtractorDLLs-32bits.zip/download)
(they are included in the distribution packages but we have them
separately for convenience).

Commit message:

docs: add last build info for windows xp and 7

content/public/general/downloads.md, after:

---
title: "CCExtractor downloads"
---

Current version: 0.92 (Aug 10, 2021)

**CCExtractor's source code (current, some variants not yet available)**

[CLI Source code full](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ccextractor/archive/refs/tags/v0.92.tar.gz)

[Windows MSI builds](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ccextractor/releases), for Windows XP and 7 last updated build [here](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ccextractor/releases/tag/v0.89)

For GUI on other platfroms look [here](/public/general/flutter_gui)

 **Mac**

[Homebrew package](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core/blob/master/Formula/ccextractor.rb)
(3rd party, not maintained by the CCExtractor team)

 **Additional software written by the team**

[ User Documentation for Subtitle Downloader ](http://www.ccextractor.org/doku.php?id=public/gsoc/repository_documentation)

[ User Documentation for Activity Extractor ](http://www.ccextractor.org/doku.php?id=public/codein/activity_extractor_user_docs)

[CCAligner - Word by Word Audio Subtitle Synchronisation Tool and API](/public/gsoc/2017/saurabh)

 **Dependencies**

[Visual C++ Redistributable Packages for Visual Studio 2013](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=40784)
(this might be needed to run CCExtractor 0.70 and above in XP).

[Dependencies for the full CCExtractor version (with FFmpeg, OCR, etc)](https://sourceforge.net/projects/ccextractor/files/ccextractor/0.85-windows.dependencies/CCExtractorDLLs-32bits.zip/download)
(they are included in the distribution packages but we have them
separately for convenience).
