content/public/general/support.md, before:

---
title: "Slack"
---

Slack is a great communication tool. Most CCExtractor developers hang
out in a slack team. You're welcome to join our Slack channel through the following [invite link](https://join.slack.com/t/rhccgsoc15/shared_invite/zt-2nctzggkl-7yOW7vIm3vL2K~yUlgm6aA) . If the link no longer works (it has some limits), send an email to the mail address at the bottom of this page and we'll update it ASAP.


### Technical issues

By far the best way to get report issues is by opening a ticket at
[GitHub's issue tracker](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ccextractor/issues).

When creating a ticket:

- Make sure you are using the last CCExtractor version.
- If it's a new thing (for example a video file that a previous CCExtractor version processed OK and now causes a crash) mention the last version you know was correct.
- If the issue is about a specific file, make that file available for us. Don't just send us the output from CCExtractor, we can't do anything about a screenshot that shows a crash, we need the input that actually causes it. Preferably you make it available for us on the [Sample Platform](https://sampleplatform.ccextractor.org/), but you can also upload the file to Dropbox, Google Drive, etc, and add a download link to your ticket.
- If you cannot make the file public for any (reasonable) reason you can send us a private invitation (both Dropbox and Google Drive allow that). In this case we will download the file and upload it to the private developer repository.
- Do not upload your file to any location that will require us to sign up or endure a wait list, slow downloads, etc.
- If your upload expires make sure you keep it active somehow (replace links if needed). Keep in mind that while we go over all tickets some may take a few days, and it's important we have the file available when we actually need it.
- Make sure you set an alert in GitHub so you get notifications about your ticket. We may need to ask questions and we do everything inside GitHub's system.
- Please use English.
- It goes without saying, we like polite people.

### Mailing list

We do have a mailing list available [here](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ccextractor-dev), and all
issues can be found back [on our GitHub](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ccextractor/issues).

It's read by the right people; you can use it if you prefer it to Slack.

### Email

If you need to use email, you can reach the organisation's admin on the
next email address: ```carlos@ccextractor.org```

Commit message:

Update support.md for Zulip

content/public/general/support.md, after:

---
title: "Zulip"
---

Our primary means of communication is through Zulip chat. This space is where you'll find most of CCExtractor's developers, old GSoC contributors and so on.
You're welcome to join our Zulip community through the following [invite link](https://ccextractor.zulipchat.com/join/7n3sxaevqfizv75p6hekhxqe/). If the link no longer works (it has some limits), send an email to the mail address at the bottom of this page and we'll update it ASAP.


### Technical issues

By far the best way to get report issues is by opening a ticket at
[GitHub's issue tracker](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ccextractor/issues).

When creating a ticket:

- Make sure you are using the last CCExtractor version.
- If it's a new thing (for example a video file that a previous CCExtractor version processed OK and now causes a crash) mention the last version you know was correct.
- If the issue is about a specific file, make that file available for us. Don't just send us the output from CCExtractor, we can't do anything about a screenshot that shows a crash, we need the input that actually causes it. Preferably you make it available for us on the [Sample Platform](https://sampleplatform.ccextractor.org/), but you can also upload the file to Dropbox, Google Drive, etc, and add a download link to your ticket.
- If you cannot make the file public for any (reasonable) reason you can send us a private invitation (both Dropbox and Google Drive allow that). In this case we will download the file and upload it to the private developer repository.
- Do not upload your file to any location that will require us to sign up or endure a wait list, slow downloads, etc.
- If your upload expires make sure you keep it active somehow (replace links if needed). Keep in mind that while we go over all tickets some may take a few days, and it's important we have the file available when we actually need it.
- Make sure you set an alert in GitHub so you get notifications about your ticket. We may need to ask questions and we do everything inside GitHub's system.
- Please use English.
- It goes without saying, we like polite people.

### Mailing list

We do have a mailing list available [here](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/ccextractor-dev), and all
issues can be found back [on our GitHub](https://github.com/CCExtractor/ccextractor/issues).

It's read by the right people; you can use it if you prefer it to Zulip.

### Email

If you need to use email, you can reach the organisation's admin on the
next email address: ```carlos@ccextractor.org```
